where do you think things get back to
the truth so if when you look at UFOs
you see strategic deception what do you
think when you look at something like
JFK you've got RFK who's saying I'm
telling you right now the CIA killed my
I think he says both uh his uncle and
his father um but certainly his uncle do
you go strategic deception they're
dragging this out to keep people
guessing but really this is going to end
up being innocuous or do you go yeah
that actually makes sense
I that might fall into the just don't
make me do it category like you know I I
think
it's RFK Jr's opinions about that are
very interesting that's his father and
his
uncle that's very interesting to me I
don't put a judgment on that it's really
more not a judgment I'm more trying to
get at the the facts so so I have no
reason to think that's true again that's
kind of like the the UA why do you think
they don't
reveal like so many years lat of course
that's crazy of course it is totally
crazy but my feeling is and I'm going to
tell you an interesting story about JFK
in a minute um my feeling is that and
this is pure speculation is that
whatever the answer is and my eye goes
toward
Cuba it's
too I mean killing a United States
President whoever did did it there's
going to be some payback invol let's
just say this fact came
out and it was a nation state there
would be payback involved how could
there not be How could a president
reveal that and not be asked to and now
you have let's point right there at that
book nuclear
war that would be my speculation but
here you want an interesting anecdote
about the JFK always okay so Dr bud was
incredibly interesting for me to
interview the mayor of Area 51 that was
his terminology for himself the first
director of the directorate of Science
and Technology at
CIA incredibly brilliant person didn't
give interviews to a lot of people had
given some but definitely had not spoken
about Area 51
before he agreed to talk to me because I
was interviewing a number of the a12
oxcart pilots who said you got to talk
to Annie so he let me come up to his
Ranch in Santa Barbara and interview him
for a number of hours the minder in
between us cuz there's always kind of a
liais on between you and someone in the
agency not always but often and
certainly at his level said to me by the
way you may not ask any questions about
JFK interesting so of course I'm
like what do you mean like I mean but I
you know I was reporting Area 51 I
really wanted him to talk to me on the
record about Area 51 my answer was of
course I didn't ask but it was in the
back of my mind was in the back of my
mind never asked won said a really
interesting thing to me at the
conclusion of our
interviews he and he was so patient with
me I mean even had the drawing papers
out he was explaining to me how missile
technology worked he was just like so
many of those people who so incredibly
gifted such a such a consumate
professional remember he's he built the
first satellite program called Corona
for the United States like he was a
bunch of first I thank him in the end of
the book here and list some of the
things he did and he said to me when the
interview is closing okay so by the way
until your book publishes whatever you
need factchecking you want to double
check a quote you want photographs
whatever you want I'll happy to ablige
but the day your book publishes we will
never speak again
which is such a
CIA interesting sort of like wow that's
like must be some kind of code and it
just was it sticks with me because it
was so shock it was such a shocking
thing to say and it was so interesting
and sure
enough you know no contact from Dr Bud
weon Flash Forward maybe one or two or
three years later I'm in my house and I
say to my
husband honey have you seen my cell
phone like where is it it's usually you
know my back pocket or something and he
said oh yeah it rang it's right over
there and I pick it up and it says
missed call Dr Bud
weon he called me I said Kevin oh my God
what he he's going to tell me about JFK
that's all I could think of right and I
said what do I do and Kevin said call
him
back and I was like I was like I'm
nervous I got to he said no just pick up
just call him back he called just a few
minutes ago so I stepped out onto the
balcony and I'll just never forget that
moment because I'm like looking out over
downtown Los Angeles from my balcony
going I'm about to learn the secret of
JFK of JFK's
assassination he's having like a near
deathbed you know moment he's decided to
tell someone and it's me
I hit
Redal a woman answers the phone
young I mumble my
name this
is she
goes yes Annie and I said um Dr Wan just
called me and I'm returning his
call and she said no he didn't and hung
up whoa and that was it
whoa and he died just a few weeks really
I give me the chills and my husband said
to me you were not supposed to know who
killed
JFK I'm so crust fond you didn't answer
that call when it came in but I mustn't
have been okay so here's another one
really my husband is right because there
there is a story about D about Wan that
I did ask
him which because of course when I learn
back back up when I learned like don't
ask him you cannot ask him about JFK of
course I had to like Google you know or
rather read in books like what is what
does he know and what I learned was that
when JFK was
assassinated Dulles Alan Dulles took the
five top directors of the different
directorates at CIA down into the
basement for several
hours several hours immediately after
JFK was assassinated and The Story Goes
that they all came up
white-faced so that whatever really
happened those five people were told
that's the that's one story and another
story I learned from asking around
different agency people you know I can't
ask him about JFK but why do you think
that is and another one told me a story
they said you know won in the 70s I
think it was had a private plane that he
used to to fly around in a lot and one
day he lent his plane to his neighbor
and the plane blew up
whoa and I asked him that during our
interviews said why do you think that
plane blew
up and he
said you shouldn't lend your plane to
your
neighbor and that's it no followup
question there cuz the followup question
would have
been was it linked to
JFK so you know I mean
we're we're talk we're talking about all
of this with levity but it's a very
serious issue that's the only reason why
I can think
that those records are still
classified is
because it's too
dangerous and I would think that has to
do with a nation state
I mean I have interviewed literally
hundreds of people that have worked for
the CIA and none of them ever have given
me an
indication that it was an inside that
the CIA assassinated JFK that's
certainly what Robert F Kennedy makes
public that he thinks but you know what
do I know and the real question is is
what does he know if you like this
conversation check out this episode to
learn more nuclear war is the only event
other than an asteroid strike that could
end
civilization if you believe your enemy
is vicious and wants to kill you you're
going to create programs